feat: add cloudConfig support in member-agent (#939)
Azure/fleet: charts/member-agent/README.md

| logVerbosity       | Log level. Uses V logs (klog)                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `3`                                             |
| propertyProvider   | The property provider to use with the member agent; if none is specified, the Fleet member agent will start with no property provider (i.e., the agent will expose no cluster properties, and collect only limited resource usage information) | ``                                              |
| region             | The region where the member cluster resides                                                                                                                                                                                                    | ``                                              |

> | config.cloudConfig | The cloud provider configuration                                                                                                                                                                                                               | **required if property provider is enabled**    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| config.cloudConfig | The cloud provider configuration                                                                                                                                                                                                               | **required if property provider is set to azure**    |
```

| `userAssignedIdentityID`      | ClientID of the user-assigned managed identity with RBAC access to resources. | Required for UserAssignedIdentity and omitted for SystemAssignedIdentity. |
| `aadClientId`                 | The ClientID for an AAD application with RBAC access to resources. | Required if `useManagedIdentityExtension` is set to `false`.              |
| `aadClientSecret`             | The ClientSecret for an AAD application with RBAC access to resources. | Required if `useManagedIdentityExtension` is set to `false`.              |
| `resourceGroup`               | The name of the resource group where cluster resources are deployed. |                                                                           |
| `userAgent`                   | The userAgent provided when accessing resources. |                                                                           |
| `location`                    | The region where resource group and its resources is deployed. |                                                                           |

> | `clusterName`                 | The name of the cluster where the agent is running. |                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: remove this

> | `clusterResourceGroup`        | The resource group where the cluster is deployed. |                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: remove this

| `vnetName`                    | The name of the virtual network where the cluster is deployed. |                                                                           |
| `vnetResourceGroup`           | The resource group where the virtual network is deployed. |                                                                           |

You can create a file `azure.yaml` with the following content, and pass it to `helm install` command: `helm install <release-name> <chart-name> --set propertyProvider=azure -f azure.yaml`

```yaml
config:
  cloudConfig:
    cloud: "AzurePublicCloud"
    tenantId: "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    subscriptionId: "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    useManagedIdentityExtension: false
    userAssignedIdentityID: "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    aadClientId: "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    aadClientSecret: "<your secret>"
    userAgent: "fleet-member-agent"
    resourceGroup: "<resource group name>"
    location: "<resource group location>"

>     clusterName: "<cluster name>"

Reviewer 2: remove this

>     clusterResourceGroup: "<cluster resource group>"

Reviewer 2: remove this
